Added Space Cadet modifer carry over (#5866)
qmk/qmk_firmware: docs/feature_space_cadet.md

|`LAPO_KEYS`     |`KC_LALT, KC_LSFT, KC_9`       |Send `KC_LALT` when held, the mod `KC_LSFT` with the key `KC_9` when tapped.     |
|`RAPC_KEYS`     |`KC_RALT, KC_RSFT, KC_0`       |Send `KC_RALT` when held, the mod `KC_RSFT` with the key `KC_0` when tapped.     |
|`SFTENT_KEYS`   |`KC_RSFT, KC_TRNS, SFTENT_KEY` |Send `KC_RSFT` when held, no mod with the key `SFTENT_KEY` when tapped.          |

> |`SPACE_CADET_MODIFIER_CARRYOVER`   |*undefined* |Stores mods before `Modifier` is pressed, uses them with the `Tap Modifer` and `Keycode`. Useful for when you frequently release a modifier before triggering space cadet.  |

Reviewer: ```suggestion
|`SPACE_CADET_MODIFIER_CARRYOVER`   |*Not defined* |Store current modifiers before the hold mod is pressed and use them with the tap mod and keycode. Useful for when you frequently release a modifier before triggering Space Cadet.  |
```
